READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING OR USING Quality Unit, s.r.o. SUPPLIED
SOFTWARE. THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES A LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE ON
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING BELOW.

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ARE CONSENTING TO
BE BOUND BY THIS LICENSE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF
THIS LICENSE, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

The following terms govern your use of the Software except to the
extent a particular program (a) is the subject of a separate written
agreement with Quality Unit, s.r.o. or (b) includes a
separate "click-on" license agreement as part of the installation
and/or download process. To the extent of a conflict between the
provisions of the foregoing documents, the order of precedence shall
be (1) the written agreement, (2) the click-on agreement, and (3) this
Software License.

This License Agreement is entered into between Quality Unit, s.r.o., 
the Agent and/or the owner of all rights in respect of the
software (herein referred to as "Licensor") of the one part and you,
the licensee on the other.

The computer program(s) and related documentation and materials
(herein collectively referred to as "the Software") are licensed, not
sold, to you for use only upon the terms of this license, and Licensor
reserves any rights not expressly granted to you. Licensor retains
ownership of all copies of the Software.

GRANT. Licensor hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Software upon payment of the License Fee until the
expiry date of the license (if any). Licensor makes no guarantee of
the frequency, value, applicability or content of future updates or
modifications to the Software. The Software will only be made
available to you in electronic form for download.

The requirement to pay a license fee does not apply to evaluation or
beta copies for which Licensor does not charge a license
fee. Evaluation and beta licenses expire 30 calendar days from the
date of this agreement, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by
Licensor. On the date of expiry of the license, licensee agrees to
either purchase the Software at the list price in force at that time
or to destroy all copies of the Software in electronic or other form,
including any copies on backup tapes or other media.

Licensee's use of the Software shall be limited to use on a single
hardware chassis, on a single central processing unit, as applicable,
or use on such greater number of chassis or central processing units
as Licensee may have paid the required license fee.

Licensee's use of the Software shall also be limited, as applicable
and set forth in Licensee's purchase order or in Quality Unit, s.r.o.
 product catalog, user documentation, or web
site, to a maximum number of (a) seats (i.e. users with access to the
installed Software), (b) concurrent users, sessions, ports, and/or
issued and outstanding IP addresses, and/or (c) central processing
unit cycles or instructions per second. Licensee's use of the Software
shall also be limited by any other restrictions set forth in
Licensee's purchase order or in Quality Unit, s.r.o.
product catalog, user documentation or web site for the
Software.

You may not: permit other individuals to use the Software except under
the terms listed above; translate, reverse engineer, decompile,
decrypt, reverse engineer, disassemble (except to the extent
applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction), or create
derivative works based on the Software; copy the Software (except for
back-up purposes); rent, lease, transfer, assign, sub-license or
otherwise transfer rights to the Software; or remove any proprietary
notices or labels on the Software.

TITLE. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in
and to the Software and any derived works shall remain solely with
Licensor. Where Licensor acts as the Agent of the Copyright holder,
title shall remain solely with the Copyright holder. The Software is
protected by the copyright laws of Slovakia and international
copyright treaties.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The Software is provided on an "AS IS" basis,
without warranty of any kind, including without limitation the
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of
the Software is borne by you. Should the Software prove defective, you
and not Licensor assume the entire cost of any service and
repair. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of
the agreement. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OF AN IMPLIED
WARRANTY, SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE
OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR BY JURISDICTION.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL
THEORY, TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL LICENSOR OR ITS SUPPLIERS
OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY
CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES. IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF LICENSOR'S LIST PRICE FOR A LICENSE TO THE
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICENSOR SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY. THIS LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY
TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. FURTHERMORE,
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY
TO YOU.

PROPRIETARY NOTICES. Licensee agrees to maintain and reproduce all
copyright and other proprietary notices on all copies, in any form, of
the Software in the same form and manner that such copyright and other
proprietary notices are included on the Software. Except as expressly
authorized in this Agreement, Licensee shall not make any copies or
duplicates or any Software without the prior written permission of
Licensor. Licensee may make such backup copies of the Software as may be
necessary for Licensee's lawful use, provided Licensee affixes to such
copies all copyright, confidentiality, and proprietary notices that
appear on the original.

TERMINATION. This license will terminate automatically if you fail to
comply with the limitations described above. On termination, you must
destroy all copies of the Software in electronic or other form,
including any copies on backup tapes or other media. Upon termination
of this License for any reason, you shall have no right to refund of
the whole or part of any License Fee paid.

MISCELLANEOUS. This Agreement represents the complete agreement
concerning this license between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements and representations between them. It may be amended only by
a writing executed by both parties. If any provision of this Agreement
is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be
reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the
Slovakia. The application the United Nations
Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
expressly excluded.

Quality Unit, s.r.o. Standard End User License Agreement 
Version 1.0 
Last Changed 22.12.2004
